Hi! I'm Thomas Rynsburger.
I am currently a 2nd year Computer Information Systems student.
One of my hobbies is playing the piano and my trumpet,
especially pretending like I know how to play jazz.
I also like reading.
I recently finished rereading Fahrenheit 451 with my friends
and I'm hoping to get through the rest of this guy
over christmas break.
I also like to play and program games in my spare time.
I participated in my first Hackathon this last October.
My teammates and I made a game and we won 2nd place with it,
so, that's really cool.
I also like to draw.
Some traditional, pen and paper,
but also plenty digital as well.
I personally really like drawing pixel art,
but I dabble in some other mediums as well.
But in any case,
thank you for dropping by my website!
Take care :)